src/docs/07-help/02-faq.md, before:

# 5.2 Frequently Asked Questions

Common questions about TokenScript DSL.

## 5.2.1 General

### What is TokenScript DSL?

TokenScript DSL is a simple, human-readable language for defining design tokens. It lets you create consistent design systems with scales, references, and automatic value generation.

### Who should use TokenScript DSL?

- Designers creating design systems
- Design engineers implementing tokens
- Developers integrating design tokens
- Teams maintaining design systems

### What formats can I export to?

- W3C Design Tokens format
- Tokens Studio format
- Simple flat format
- Raw IR format

## 5.2.2 Syntax

### Do I need quotes for strings?

Only if the string contains spaces or special characters:

```tokenscript
// No quotes needed
fontFamily = Inter

// Quotes needed for spaces
fontFamily = "Inter, sans-serif"
```

### Can I use tabs or spaces for indentation?

Either works, but be consistent. Don't mix tabs and spaces in the same file.

### How do I add comments?

Use `//` for comments:

```tokenscript
// This is a comment
spacing = 8  // Inline comment
```

### Can I use expressions?

Yes! Basic math operations are supported:

```tokenscript
base = 8
double = $base * 2
half = $base / 2
sum = $base + 4
```

## 5.2.3 Scales

### What's the difference between linear and modular scales?

- **Linear scales** add a fixed amount each step (great for spacing)
- **Modular scales** multiply by a ratio each step (great for typography)

### Can I use both increment and peak?

No, use one or the other. The system will calculate the missing value.

### How do I round scale values?

Use the `/roundTo()` pipeline:

```tokenscript
spacing
  /numberScale : linear
    base = 7
    increment = 3
    steps = ["xs", "sm", "md"]
  /roundTo(4)
```

### Can I create custom step names?

Yes! Use an array of strings:

```tokenscript
steps = ["tiny", "small", "medium", "large", "huge"]
```

## 5.2.4 References

### How do I reference nested tokens?

Use dots to access nested tokens:

```tokenscript
colors
  primary = #3B82F6

button
  color = $colors.primary
```

### What's the difference between `$token` and `$...token`?

- `$token` - Absolute reference from root
- `$...token` - Self reference within current scope

### Can I reference tokens before they're defined?

No, tokens must be defined before they're referenced.

## 5.2.5 Colors

### What color formats are supported?

- Hex: `#ff0000`, `#f00`, `#ff0000ff`
- RGB: `rgb(255, 0, 0)`
- RGBA: `rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)`
- HSL: `hsl(0, 100%, 50%)`
- HSLA: `hsla(0, 100%, 50%, 0.5)`
- OKLCH: `oklch(0.65, 0.2, 250)`
- Named: `blue`, `red`, etc.

### Can I create color scales?

Color scales work with numeric values. For actual color variations, define them manually or use color harmony generators.

## 5.2.6 Typography

### What's a good typography ratio?

Common ratios:
- **1.2** (Minor Third) - Subtle
- **1.25** (Major Third) - Balanced, most common
- **1.333** (Perfect Fourth) - More dramatic
- **1.618** (Golden Ratio) - Classic, harmonious

### Should I round typography values?

Yes, rounding makes values cleaner:

```tokenscript
typography
  /numberScale : modular
    base = 16
    ratio = 1.25
    steps = ["sm", "md", "lg"]
  /roundTo(1)
```

## 5.2.7 Composite Tokens

### What are composite tokens?

Composite tokens group related properties together (typography, borders, shadows, transitions).

### What properties are required for typography?

- `fontSize`
- `lineHeight`
- `fontWeight`
- `fontFamily`
- `letterSpacing`

### Can I use references in composite tokens?

Yes! Reference other tokens in composite properties:

```tokenscript
baseFontSize = 16

heading:typography
  fontSize = $baseFontSize * 1.5
  lineHeight = 1.5
  fontWeight = 700
  fontFamily = "Inter"
```

## 5.2.8 Best Practices

### Should I use scales or define values manually?

Use scales when you have multiple related values. Define manually for one-off values.

### How do I organize my tokens?

Group related tokens together:

```tokenscript
colors
  primary = ...
  secondary = ...

spacing
  xs = ...
  sm = ...
```

### Should I use semantic or literal names?

Use semantic names that describe purpose:

```tokenscript
// ✅ Good - semantic
colors
  primary = #3B82F6
  textPrimary = #111827

// ❌ Bad - literal
colors
  blue = #3B82F6
  black = #111827
```

## 5.2.9 Integration

### How do I use tokens in my code?

Export tokens using the API, then import them into your application:

```javascript
// After exporting to JSON
import tokens from './tokens.json';

const buttonPadding = tokens.spacing.md;
```

### Can I use tokens in CSS?

Yes! Export tokens and use CSS custom properties:

```css
:root {
  --spacing-md: 16px;
  --color-primary: #3B82F6;
}
```

### How do I handle themes?

Define separate color sets for each theme:

```tokenscript
colors
  light
    background = #FFFFFF
    text = #111827
  dark
    background = #111827
    text = #F9FAFB
```

## 5.2.10 Troubleshooting

### My tokens aren't generating

Check:
- Scale syntax is correct
- All required parameters are provided
- Steps are defined
- No syntax errors

### References aren't working

Check:
- Token is defined before reference
- Reference path is correct
- No circular dependencies
- Token name spelling

### Getting parse errors

Check:
- Correct indentation
- Valid syntax
- No missing `=` signs
- Proper quotes for strings

## 5.2.11 Next Steps

- Check [Getting Started](./1-getting-started.md) for basics
- Review [Syntax Reference](./2.1-syntax-reference.md) for details
- See [Troubleshooting](./5.1-troubleshooting.md) for help

Commit message:

Remove API, export, and share features from documentation
- Remove Integration section (API Reference, Export Formats, Workflows) from navigation and index
- Remove all mentions of API endpoints and export formats
- Remove share/export features from app usage docs
- Update FAQ to remove export questions, focus on copying values
- Update learning paths to remove integration references
- Clarify that Systematically is the app/platform for editing DSL, not an API service

src/docs/07-help/02-faq.md, after:

# 5.2 Frequently Asked Questions

Common questions about TokenScript DSL.

## 5.2.1 General

### What is TokenScript DSL?

TokenScript DSL is a simple, human-readable language for defining design tokens. It lets you create consistent design systems with scales, references, and automatic value generation.

### Who should use TokenScript DSL?

- Designers creating design systems
- Design engineers implementing tokens
- Developers integrating design tokens
- Teams maintaining design systems

## 5.2.2 Syntax

### Do I need quotes for strings?

Only if the string contains spaces or special characters:

```tokenscript
// No quotes needed
fontFamily = Inter

// Quotes needed for spaces
fontFamily = "Inter, sans-serif"
```

### Can I use tabs or spaces for indentation?

Either works, but be consistent. Don't mix tabs and spaces in the same file.

### How do I add comments?

Use `//` for comments:

```tokenscript
// This is a comment
spacing = 8  // Inline comment
```

### Can I use expressions?

Yes! Basic math operations are supported:

```tokenscript
base = 8
double = $base * 2
half = $base / 2
sum = $base + 4
```

## 5.2.3 Scales

### What's the difference between linear and modular scales?

- **Linear scales** add a fixed amount each step (great for spacing)
- **Modular scales** multiply by a ratio each step (great for typography)

### Can I use both increment and peak?

No, use one or the other. The system will calculate the missing value.

### How do I round scale values?

Use the `/roundTo()` pipeline:

```tokenscript
spacing
  /numberScale : linear
    base = 7
    increment = 3
    steps = ["xs", "sm", "md"]
  /roundTo(4)
```

### Can I create custom step names?

Yes! Use an array of strings:

```tokenscript
steps = ["tiny", "small", "medium", "large", "huge"]
```

## 5.2.4 References

### How do I reference nested tokens?

Use dots to access nested tokens:

```tokenscript
colors
  primary = #3B82F6

button
  color = $colors.primary
```

### What's the difference between `$token` and `$...token`?

- `$token` - Absolute reference from root
- `$...token` - Self reference within current scope

### Can I reference tokens before they're defined?

No, tokens must be defined before they're referenced.

## 5.2.5 Colors

### What color formats are supported?

- Hex: `#ff0000`, `#f00`, `#ff0000ff`
- RGB: `rgb(255, 0, 0)`
- RGBA: `rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)`
- HSL: `hsl(0, 100%, 50%)`
- HSLA: `hsla(0, 100%, 50%, 0.5)`
- OKLCH: `oklch(0.65, 0.2, 250)`
- Named: `blue`, `red`, etc.

### Can I create color scales?

Color scales work with numeric values. For actual color variations, define them manually or use color harmony generators.

## 5.2.6 Typography

### What's a good typography ratio?

Common ratios:
- **1.2** (Minor Third) - Subtle
- **1.25** (Major Third) - Balanced, most common
- **1.333** (Perfect Fourth) - More dramatic
- **1.618** (Golden Ratio) - Classic, harmonious

### Should I round typography values?

Yes, rounding makes values cleaner:

```tokenscript
typography
  /numberScale : modular
    base = 16
    ratio = 1.25
    steps = ["sm", "md", "lg"]
  /roundTo(1)
```

## 5.2.7 Composite Tokens

### What are composite tokens?

Composite tokens group related properties together (typography, borders, shadows, transitions).

### What properties are required for typography?

- `fontSize`
- `lineHeight`
- `fontWeight`
- `fontFamily`
- `letterSpacing`

### Can I use references in composite tokens?

Yes! Reference other tokens in composite properties:

```tokenscript
baseFontSize = 16

heading:typography
  fontSize = $baseFontSize * 1.5
  lineHeight = 1.5
  fontWeight = 700
  fontFamily = "Inter"
```

## 5.2.8 Best Practices

### Should I use scales or define values manually?

Use scales when you have multiple related values. Define manually for one-off values.

### How do I organize my tokens?

Group related tokens together:

```tokenscript
colors
  primary = ...
  secondary = ...

spacing
  xs = ...
  sm = ...
```

### Should I use semantic or literal names?

Use semantic names that describe purpose:

```tokenscript
// ✅ Good - semantic
colors
  primary = #3B82F6
  textPrimary = #111827

// ❌ Bad - literal
colors
  blue = #3B82F6
  black = #111827
```

## 5.2.9 Using Tokens

### How do I use tokens in my code?

You can copy token values from Systematically and use them in your application:

```javascript
// Copy values from Systematically
const buttonPadding = 16; // spacing.md value
const primaryColor = '#3B82F6'; // colors.primary value
```

### Can I use tokens in CSS?

Yes! Copy token values and use CSS custom properties:

```css
:root {
  --spacing-md: 16px;
  --color-primary: #3B82F6;
}
```

### How do I handle themes?

Define separate color sets for each theme:

```tokenscript
colors
  light
    background = #FFFFFF
    text = #111827
  dark
    background = #111827
    text = #F9FAFB
```

## 5.2.10 Troubleshooting

### My tokens aren't generating

Check:
- Scale syntax is correct
- All required parameters are provided
- Steps are defined
- No syntax errors

### References aren't working

Check:
- Token is defined before reference
- Reference path is correct
- No circular dependencies
- Token name spelling

### Getting parse errors

Check:
- Correct indentation
- Valid syntax
- No missing `=` signs
- Proper quotes for strings

## 5.2.11 Next Steps

- Check [Getting Started](./1-getting-started.md) for basics
- Review [Syntax Reference](./2.1-syntax-reference.md) for details
- See [Troubleshooting](./5.1-troubleshooting.md) for help
